While writing this I found myself repeating a few clarifications and reminders over and over again. I’d rather not waste your time, so I’ve tried to remove those and list here, right out of the gate, a few things I think are important. Basically, here’s a list of what I’m not trying to do here:

I’m not trying to accuse you of acting in bad faith or with intentional malice at any point. I don’t know what’s been going on in your life, and while I’ve made assumptions in the past about certain things, I recognize that they’re assumptions and try, when I realize what I’m doing, to reject them.
In explaining what and why I’ve felt, and why I’ve behaved certain ways, I’m not trying to excuse those actions or the damage they may have caused. I’m also not trying to elicit sympathy. If you feel any, I guess that would be nice, but know that I don’t really feel much sympathy for myself and, gun to my head, don’t think you will either.
I’m not trying to ask you for an apology. As far as I can tell, you have nothing to apologize for at all. I think it is very selfish of me to be so desperate for you to read any of this. I feel grateful that you might be willing to do any of this at all.

A few things have happened over the past five months or so that left me feeling pretty miserable. I’d been trying to pretend they weren’t a big deal, and since I’d been living for almost a year in a semi-permanent state of delirious self-loathing thanks to my untreated ADHD I was pretty primed to criticize everything I felt, thought, and did as illegitimate. When you finally made the move to NYC, though, and I started taking my ADHD medication again, something changed and I couldn’t shake the need to get it off my chest. I hope this isn’t a mistake, but I know what I’ve been doing was definitely a mistake, and if this turns out to have been a no-win situation, well, there was nothing for it, then. Anyway. Without further ado.

Most of these things relate, in one way or another, to your response to my letter, so as much as I don’t want to continuously clarify my position here, I want to make sure this is very clear: I completely understood where you were coming from immediately after reading the response, understand it even more now after being medicated again, and in no way want to rehash the contents of that mistake. I am not upset at having been rejected (I would have rejected myself, probably more harshly, after reading that letter, and that’s something I knew the second I left it in the drop). That being said,
Of course at the time I meant what I said in that letter, I won’t try to deny that. I didn’t write it because I wanted to confess to you, though. After your visit in December, I noticed that the quality and frequency of our conversations changed dramatically. I originally assumed it was because you were visiting family, but when you returned to work and things stayed the same, I was sort of at my wit’s end. I convinced myself the reason for the change was because I’d been awkward and dishonest toward you, and although I expected to be rejected for my efforts, I thought that clearing the air and laying my cards on the table was the only way to “fix” our friendship. I guess on some level I must still think that now, too, although … well. Whatever.
Up until your response I’d considered you one of my best friends. I still look back at our friendship throughout 2015 and am incredibly thankful to have had it. It was the sort of friendship that’s made me forget other friendships I used to have when I was younger because the quality of your companionship helped change how I viewed what friendship could offer. Reading your response, it hurt like a punch to the gut to be compared to strangers and casual acquaintances who’d romantically harassed you in the past. Of course even friends can harass each other, and of course the fact that I didn’t intend to make you uncomfortable has absolutely no bearing on how you ended up feeling - I'm not at all trying to claim otherwise, and what I did was gross. Still, that part of your response coupled with your (incorrect) statement about me being one of the few straight men you still talk to, made me feel like you weren’t just responding to me, you were also responding to a mental construct you assumed I was; it made me feel invisible. I don’t think it’s really legitimate that I felt that way, but I know why I did; and although I don't think it matters why I did, saying it out loud feels like the only way to stop feeling so miserable. Since it’s basically the same reason I felt the rest of this, I’m just going to save that for the end.
That you ended your response by suggesting that we might need to stop all contact with each other felt even worse. I felt a frantic desperation to salvage our friendship any way I could, so the fact that you seemed unwilling to give me any of the benefit of the doubt was crushing but I didn’t feel like I had any time to tolerate that feeling. Priority number one was regaining some semblance of your trust. Still, at the time I was pretty blindsided. When a friendship I actually value is falling apart I generally try to fix it. It felt in that moment that you didn’t value my friendship; worse, I felt personally devalued, that I could so quickly become not worth the effort.
I felt largely the same way last night when you again suggested we stop talking to each other. Obviously this more recent time was different, but I’ll come to that.
I’ve continued to feel hurt afterward. Obviously our relationship did not return to what I called “normal”; I keep wanting to say “I think,” but that’s not true. I know we still don’t talk anywhere close to the amount we used to. That’s obviously fine; people drift apart for any number of reasons and I have no inherent right to be in contact with you. Besides, I was depressed, unemployed, and uninteresting; and you’ve been living your own life, which I again know functionally nothing about at this point, so more likely than not we fell out of touch because of something on your end that has nothing to do with me. I sort of brought this point up before, and your response was to say that you hadn’t been intentionally ignoring me “or anyone” (I’ve wondered why you clarified “or anyone,” but that’s none of my business). Anyway, I don’t think you were intentionally avoiding me; but I can’t help but feel you’ve very clearly decided this isn’t a friendship worth putting too much time or effort into, and while that is of course and unquestionably your right, it’s difficult to avoid feeling put out when I think of it.
That said, I also think that I’ve done nothing in the past few months to encourage you to see me in any kind of a good light; I’ve been overbearing and pretty pathetically moody, and I don’t think I’ve been adding much of value to anyone’s life for a while. Although I think that could change now that I’m medicated again, it still might be valuable for me to take a break from trying to be a fun, social person until I’ve recentered, done some interesting work, etc. Still, when you suggested we stop talking last night I again immediately knew I couldn’t watch communication stop like that, so …
There was one last thing about your response that stuck with me, and it wasn’t actually all that big of a deal (I’m not upset by it right now or anything) but it is useful, I think, for leading into some of the points I’ve been avoiding clarifying or expanding on until now. You mentioned something about it being nice, on some level or w/e, to see weird people of color showing self-confidence, and I’d agree with you, but it was strange to read that and felt like another moment in which you weren’t talking to me but to a person you thought I was. I’ve never associated my lack of self-confidence with being a person of color, especially since I grew up in a 90% Latinx community; I’ve always associated it with my lived experience as an abuse survivor.
Which, okay, worth jumping in here and stressing as strenuously as I can that I am not trying to use that abuse as an emotional weapon here. The idea of you sympathizing with me on ANY level because of that is disgusting; the idea that I could be trying to manipulate you with it is simultaneously deeply insulting and terrifying/painful to consider. Great. Continuing,
I’m pretty sure the reason I’ve felt so emotionally devastated about all the above points is directly related to that abuse. I mean, so many other things in my life are: my tendency to avoid physical affection/hugs; my tendency to keep most people at an arm’s length; my tendency to emotionally invest too deeply in, and to develop some sort of dependency on, people who I’ve decided must care about me, and who I care about (including you); my tendency to feel a drive to grow closer to people who clearly don’t care about me, at least not in the same way I care for them (including you); my difficulty letting go of those people (you’re not the first close friend I’ve had who quickly and drastically changed the depth and frequency of our interactions, and this isn’t the first time I’ve felt desperate to know why - although this is the first time I’ve accepted I’ll probably never know why, and also the first time a friend like that has bothered sticking around long enough to let me have a little emotional-confession-corner like this).
That abuse is also the reason I said, last night, that I felt like I couldn’t really trust you. I don’t really mean that, but it’s … difficult. It’s shit like, I believe you when you say you aren’t intentionally ignoring me, but then a voice in my head suggests out that that doesn’t mean you’re actually interested in keeping regular communication, and in fact if we’d just wise up and look at the evidence objectively you’d probably rather I just take a hint and fall into a casual, civil-enough acquaintanceship so our group gatherings don’t have any needless awkwardness, or … I don’t know, shit like worrying that you’d been waiting for just the right opportunity, or just the right shitty action/mistake/petty cruelty on my part to suggest we stop talking like you did last night, or …
Well, you get the picture.
I also said last night that I don’t trust myself, either, and that’s obviously related to this, too. I’ve heard all the shit people tell abuse/trauma survivors, and I know that I’m supposed to do all the things like value myself and have confidence in my actions and a belief in the legitimacy of my emotions. It’s never easy to do that after having lived in a household dominated by violence, assurances of affection from the same person who would later go on to beat you, developing the ability to lie easily and almost subconsciously as a survival mechanism … but none of that is meant to suggest that I don’t have a choice to work against those issues. In fact, the fact that I recognize that I have all these issues, and the fact that I know where they come from, makes the abuse factor functionally meaningless as an excuse. I know what my issues are, and everyone has issues. The challenge is trying to recognize them, address them, and don’t let them hurt other people.
Sometimes, in moments of residual weakness, I wish that you’d think of this life history in interactions with me. Oh, it’s not just you; I mean I wish that everyone who knows would. But that’s a pretty silly wish (people aren’t primed by our society to naturally consider the effects of child abuse), and at the end of the day it’s really just me asking for people to make allowances for me. No one’s obligated to make any allowances for me. That’s … common sense.

I’ve been sitting here for about the past fifteen minutes and I’m pretty unsure of what else to say, or how to wrap this up. As far as I can tell I’ve covered everything I had on my chest; I feel a pretty clear and sincere sense of lightness I haven’t felt in a while, and honestly looking back on the emotions I wonder why they felt so overwhelming and impossible to handle before now. Oh! Before winding this down completely:

I still feel incredibly selfish having gone on this long about my feelings. I want to reiterate that I don’t think you hurt me; all of the hurt I felt was hurt I chose to feel, or rather … well, I didn’t choose to be abused and I didn’t choose to have to carry the psychological aftermath of that with me, but since I’m aware of those issues, I do always have the choice to try to rise above those. Not having done that, and instead having wallowed in my self-pity (which I’ll admit now I definitely have done, at least for stretches of time), and even trying to drag you into this … all of that was, I think, definitionally selfish and I’d like to apologize for bringing you into this.
I also recognize that it’s possible that you have some resentments you’d like to air about me? And I’m prepared for that, since it’s only fair. Then again, I think it’s more likely that you haven’t really cared or thought all that much about it, and in general I tend to take you as a pretty confident person who isn’t easily emotionally pained by shit like anything I’ve done (more annoyed, repulsed, etc.). I won’t presume anything about how you feel here, basically.
I’m taking it for granted at this point that the casual, civil-enough acquaintanceship thing I mentioned earlier is what you want from this going forward. I’d obviously still like to be your friend (it’s mostly just a muscle memory habit thing at this point, but whenever I see a clock at 11:11 I still catch myself wishing “To be good friends with Tanya” again), but, like. Well, whatever. It’s your choice, just like it always has been, and I’m medicated now, so I have comic work I should be doing. A few days ago I scripted a 26 page short comic, finished the storyboards yesterday, and am working on pages now. I’d like to talk with you randomly, whenever, as friends, but maybe it’d be better to wait until I have something to show you, and we can have a conversation about the specific topic of that comic or something. I don’t know. I probably sound like I’m overthinking things, but at this point I’m mostly just talking to talk. Whatever happens will, obviously, happen.

If you’ve actually managed to read this far, I’m not really sure what to say. I mostly feel grateful, I suppose, since I don’t think I’ve really done anything (recently, maybe even ever) to deserve that sort of consideration, especially after it seemed as though I were intent to inject as much needless emotional drama as possible into this relationship. I can’t shake this one worry, which is that since I feel so calm and at peace after having let this all out, I’ve probably said some horrible, awful things that are going to blow up in my face, leaving you more aggravated and repulsed by me than you’ve been to date and this, the third time you'll have suggested we stop talking to each other, won't be a suggestion at all, but it just doesn’t make sense to live life based on the worst case scenario, and anyway that would suggest this was a no-win situation after all, so.

If it wasn’t a no-win situation, though, and if none of this has further worsened your opinion of me, I’m glad. Thanks for sticking around. Have continued great days. I might see you in Boston this weekend, but don’t worry, won’t be no big thing.

-Sal